Led discovery for migration of a legacy IBM AS400. 
Designed and proposed scalable microservices platform by reverse engineering a legacy system 
and transforming it into a Java-based microservices architecture, improving maintainability, scalability, and system reliability.

Initiated new revenue stream for EPAM by identifying and analyzing technical debt in the client’s backlog 
and persuading stakeholders to invest in its resolution, adding long-term value to the platform.

Implemented full CI/CD pipeline in accordance with best EngX practices resulting in faster deployments, and higher code quality.


Presale. Contributed and helped to win the opportunity to migrate one of the main application component (Router) 
from an outdated RPG-based system to a modern architecture using Spring State Machine. 
This solved complex service dependencies and impressed the client, leading to additional business for EPAM. 

Executed a full datacenter migration, ensuring a seamless transition with minimal downtime and improving system performance and scalability.

Transformed complex requirements into actionable solutions by visualizing them,
leading to the creation of a detailed and effective WBS that enhanced project clarity and execution. 

Integrated HashiCorp Secrets Manager to secure sensitive data across microservices, improving overall system security and compliance.



Start working with the project from very beginig. I Took part as an NET team Lead in discovery phase during transition to EPAM team.
During 3 month of discovery phase I collaborated with current platfomr vendors, RPS architects, and business team to build platform documentation. 
As a result multiple diagrams created revealed the current state of RPS solutions at that time. (Please make accent on design analasys)

I was a software architect on a project of migration AS400 main frame intrfaces, screens to modern Angular SPA set of Applications under common umbrella.
The projcet gradiually migrated to new environment simultaneously supported multiple DB system. The process of migration went smoothly.
The System was designed in a way to support future modernixation. It is still in expluatation end under evoluation that emphasays its reliability.
(emphasays smooth migration)

The second experience was migration data flows mechanism and tools from AS400 jobs and custom tools to SSIS packages and Pentaho jobs.
I was Team lead of migration team consists of 5 developers who design data flows, plan migration, created detailed WBS. 
(emphasays broad knowledge)

I took part in preaparation to full transition from third party vendors to EPAM managed-services-model project. 
Discovery phase, system architecture diagrams, all teams, including vendors, and their responsibilities were documented. 
The second phase was owner change and migration SRS solutions from corporate corelogic infrastructure environment to dedicted clients data center.
Having documents and architecture diagrams the migration was comleted in 3 months. My role was SME of NET projects and DB solutions.
(emphasays broad knowledge)

Billing migration. Role SME and Software Architect. It was Migration project from Oracle Financials to Sage Intacct Cloud Accounting and Financial Management System.
My responsibilities were: Data Extraction & Transaction Capture, Transformation & Data Normalization to match Intacct’s data model.
Interface & Integration Adaptation, Parallel Run & Validation, Cutover Planning & Execution, Post-Migration Support & Optimization
(emphasays architectural experience in Finance)







